README.md, before:

# [Draftail](https://springload.github.io/draftail/) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/draftail.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/draftail) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/springload/draftail.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/springload/draftail) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/springload/draftail/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/springload/draftail) [<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/springload/awesome-wagtail/ac912cc661a7099813f90545adffa6bb3e75216c/logo.svg" width="104" align="right" alt="Wagtail">](https://wagtail.io/)

> :memo::cocktail: A configurable rich text editor based on [Draft.js](https://facebook.github.io/draft-js/), built for [Wagtail](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail).

[![Screenshot of Draftail](https://springload.github.io/draftail/static/draftail-ui-screenshot.png)](https://springload.github.io/draftail/)

It’s developed alongside our Python [Draft.js exporter](https://github.com/springload/draftjs_exporter), for integration into [Wagtail](https://wagtail.io/). Check out [WagtailDraftail](https://github.com/springload/wagtaildraftail), and the [editor’s online demo](https://springload.github.io/draftail/)!

## Features

> This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html), and measures performance and [code coverage](https://coveralls.io/github/springload/draftail).

Draftail aims for a mouse-free, keyboard-centric experience. Most formatting can be done by using common keyboard shortcuts, inspired by [Google Docs](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/179738) and [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown).

Here are important features worth highlighting:

* Support for [keyboard shortcuts](https://github.com/springload/draftail/tree/master/docs#keyboard-shortcuts). Lots of them!
* Paste from Word. Or any other editor.
* Autolists – start a line with `-` , `*` , `1.` to create a list item.
* Shortcuts for heading levels `##`, code blocks ` ``` `, and more.
* Undo / redo – until the end of times.
* Common text types: headings, paragraphs, quotes, lists.
* Common text styles: Bold, italic, and many more.
* API to build custom controls for links, images, and more.

## Using Draftail

Draftail is meant to be used in scenarios where not all formatting should be available, and where custom formatting can be necessary. Available formats, built-in and custom, can be specificed declaratively for each editor instance.

### Built-in formats

* Block types: H1, H2, H3, H4, H5, H6, Blockquote, Code, UL, OL, P
* Inline styles: Bold, Italic, Underline, Code, Strikethrough, Mark, Keyboard, Superscript, Subscript
* Entities (things with data): Images, Embeds, Links, Documents
* And HR, BR

### Custom formats

Your mileage may vary! There is good support for custom block-level and inline formatting. Custom entities or decorators require knowledge of the Draft.js API, which is very low-level.

### Getting started

First, grab the package from npm:

```sh
# Draftail's peerDependencies:
npm install --save draft-js@^0.10.4 react react-dom prop-types
npm install --save draftail
```

Import the styles for Draft.js, and the editor:

```scss
@import 'draft-js/dist/Draft';
@import 'draftail/dist/draftail';
```

Then, import the editor and use it in your code. Here is a [simple example](https://springload.github.io/draftail/examples/):

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

import DraftailEditor, { BLOCK_TYPE, INLINE_STYLE } from '../lib';

const initial = JSON.parse(sessionStorage.getItem('draftail:content'));

const onSave = content => {
    console.log('saving', content);
    sessionStorage.setItem('draftail:content', JSON.stringify(content));
};

const editor = (
    <DraftailEditor
        rawContentState={initial || null}
        onSave={onSave}
        blockTypes={[
            { type: BLOCK_TYPE.HEADER_THREE, label: 'H3' },
            { type: BLOCK_TYPE.UNORDERED_LIST_ITEM, label: 'UL' },
        ]}
        inlineStyles={[
            { type: INLINE_STYLE.BOLD, label: 'B' },
            { type: INLINE_STYLE.ITALIC, label: 'I' },
        ]}
    />
);

ReactDOM.render(editor, document.querySelector('[data-mount]'));
```

Finally, be sure to check out the [required polyfills](#polyfills).

## Options and configuration

To change the behavior of the editor, pass props to `DraftailEditor`. Here are the available props, and their default values:

```jsx
// Initial content of the editor. Use this to edit pre-existing content.
rawContentState: null,
// Called when changes occured. Use this to persist editor content.
// Displayed when the editor is empty. Hidden if the user changes styling.
placeholder: null,
onSave: () => {},
// Enable the use of horizontal rules in the editor.
enableHorizontalRule: false,
// Enable the use of line breaks in the editor.
enableLineBreak: false,
// Show undo/redo controls in the toolbar.
showUndoRedoControls: false,
// Disable copy/paste of rich text in the editor.
stripPastedStyles: true,
// Set whether spellcheck is turned on for your editor.
spellCheck: false,
// List of the available block types.
blockTypes: [],
// List of the available inline styles.
inlineStyles: [],
// List of the available entity types.
entityTypes: [],
// List of active decorators.
decorators: [],
// Max level of nesting for unordered and ordered lists. 0 = no nesting.
// Note: Draft.js only provides styles for list nesting up to a depth of 4.
// Please refer to the documentation to add styles for further nesting levels.
maxListNesting: 1,
// Frequency at which the save callback is triggered (ms).
stateSaveInterval: 250,
```

### Formatting options

Draftail, like Draft.js, distinguishes between 3 content formats:

* Blocks, that provide structure to the content. Blocks do not overlap – no content can be both a paragraph and a title.
* Inline styles, providing inline formatting for text. Styles can overlap: a piece of text can be both bold and italic.
* Entities, annotating content with metadata to represent rich content beyond text. Entities can be inline (eg. a link applied on a portion of text), or block-based (eg. an embedded video).

### Configuring available formats

By default, the editor provides the least amount of rich text features. Formats have to be explicitly enabled by the developer, so they have as much control over what rich content is available as possible.

To use a given format, add it to the corresponding list, following the options detailed in the next sections.

```jsx
// List of the available block types.
blockTypes: [],
// List of the available inline styles.
inlineStyles: [],
// List of the available entity types.
entityTypes: [],
```

#### Blocks

```jsx
// Unique type shared between block instances.
type: PropTypes.string.isRequired,
// Describes the block in the editor UI, concisely.
label: PropTypes.string,
// Describes the block in the editor UI.
description: PropTypes.string,
// Represents the block in the editor UI.
icon: iconPropType,
// DOM element used to display the block within the editor area.
element: PropTypes.string,
// CSS class(es) added to the block for styling within the editor area.
className: PropTypes.string,
```

#### Inline styles

```jsx
// Unique type shared between inline style instances.
type: PropTypes.string.isRequired,
// Describes the inline style in the editor UI, concisely.
label: PropTypes.string,
// Describes the inline style in the editor UI.
description: PropTypes.string,
// Represents the inline style in the editor UI.
icon: iconPropType,
// CSS properties (in JS format) to apply for styling within the editor area.
style: PropTypes.Object,
```

#### Entities

```jsx
// Unique type shared between entity instances.
type: PropTypes.string.isRequired,
// Describes the entity in the editor UI, concisely.
label: PropTypes.string,
// Describes the entity in the editor UI.
description: PropTypes.string,
// Represents the entity in the editor UI.
icon: iconPropType,
// React component providing the UI to manage entities of this type.
source: PropTypes.func.isRequired,
// React component to display inline entities.
decorator: PropTypes.func,
// React component to display block-level entities.
block: PropTypes.func,
```

#### Decorators

```jsx
// Determines which pieces of content are to be decorated.
strategy: PropTypes.func,
// React component to display the decoration.
component: PropTypes.func,
```

### Custom formats

Draftail is meant to provide a consistent editing experience regardless of what formats (blocks, inline styles, entities) are available. It should be simple for developers to enable/disable a certain format, or to create new ones.

Here are quick questions to help you determine which formatting to use, depending on the use case:

| In order to...                        | Use           |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| Indicate the structure of the content | Blocks        |
| Enter additional data/metadata        | Entities      |
| Format a portion of a line            | Inline styles |

#### Custom blocks

Simple blocks are very easy to create. Add a new block type to `blockTypes`, specifying which `element` and `className` to display the block as.

Here is an example, creating a "Tiny text" block:

```jsx
blockTypes={[
    {
        type: 'tiny-text',
        label: 'Tiny',
        element: 'div',
        className: 'u-tinytext',
    },
]}
```

More advanced blocks, requiring custom React components, aren't supported at the moment. If you need this, feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/springload/draftail/issues/new).

#### Custom inline styles

Custom inline styles only require a `style` prop, defining which CSS properties to apply when the format is active.

Here is a basic example:

```jsx
inlineStyles={[
    {
        label: 'Redacted',
        type: 'REDACTED',
        style: {
            backgroundColor: 'currentcolor',
        },
    },
]}
```

It is also possible to override the styling of predefined inline styles:

```jsx
inlineStyles={[
    {
        label: 'Bold',
        type: INLINE_STYLE.BOLD,
        style: {
            fontWeight: 'bold',
            textShadow: '1px 1px 1px black',
        },
    },
]}
```

#### Custom entity types

Creating custom entity types is a bit more involved because entities aren't simply on/off: they often need additional data (thus a UI to enter this data), and can be edited.

Apart from the usual label/type/icon options, entities need:

* A `source`, a React component that will be used to create/edit the entity from a specific data source (could be an API, or a form inside of a modal).
* A `decorator`, a React component to display the entity within the editor area.

##### Sources

For now, please refer to the examples available with the project.

##### Decorators

Decorators receive the current textual content as `children`, as well as the entity key and content state. They can then render the entity based on its data:

```jsx
const Link = ({ entityKey, contentState, children }) => {
    const { url } = contentState.getEntity(entityKey).getData();

    return (
        <span title={url} className="Link">
            {children}
        </span>
    );
};
```

#### Custom text decorators

Custom decorators follow the Draft.js [CompositeDecorator](https://draftjs.org/docs/advanced-topics-decorators.html#compositedecorator) API.

### List nesting levels

Draft.js only provides [default styles](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/3689a93c85786b6a3fb8a3434e9c700661a8ba02/src/component/utils/DraftStyleDefault.css#L46) for list nesting up to five levels (depth 0 to 4). If you want to allow more nesting, you will need to add the list styles.

Draftail provides a helper Sass mixin which adds OL counters and indentation, and can be used like:

```scss
// Add nesting support up to 7 levels.
@for $depth from 5 through 6 {
    @include nested-list-item($depth);
}
```

### Browser support and polyfills

**Supported browser / device versions:**

| Browser       | Device/OS  | Version |
| ------------- | ---------- | ------- |
| Mobile Safari | iOS Phone  | latest  |
| Mobile Safari | iOS Tablet | latest  |
| Chrome        | Android    | latest  |
| IE            | Desktop    | 11      |
| Chrome        | Desktop    | latest  |
| MS Edge       | Windows    | latest  |
| Firefox       | Desktop    | latest  |
| Safari        | OSX        | latest  |

#### Polyfills

Draft.js and Draftail build upon ES6 language features. If targeting browsers that do not support them, have a look at:

* [Draft.js required polyfills](https://facebook.github.io/draft-js/docs/advanced-topics-issues-and-pitfalls.html#polyfills).
* [`position: sticky` support](https://caniuse.com/#feat=css-sticky), and [`stickyfill` polyfill](https://github.com/wilddeer/stickyfill).
* [`Element.closest()` support](https://caniuse.com/#search=closest), and [polyfill](https://github.com/jonathantneal/closest).

The Draftail demo site lists minimum polyfills for IE11 support: [`examples/utils/polyfills.js`](examples/utils/polyfills.js).

## Contributing

See anything you like in here? Anything missing? We welcome all support, whether on bug reports, feature requests, code, design, reviews, tests, documentation, and more. Please have a look at our [contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you just want to set up the project on your own computer, the contribution guidelines also contain all of the setup commands.

## Credits

Draftail is made possible by the work of [Springload](https://github.com/springload/), a New Zealand digital agency, and core contributors to the [Wagtail](https://wagtail.io/) CMS. The _beautiful_ demo site is the work of [@thibaudcolas](https://github.com/thibaudcolas).

View the full list of [contributors](https://github.com/springload/draftail/graphs/contributors). [MIT](LICENSE) licensed. Website content available as [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Commit message:

Document UI and styling concerns

README.md, after:

# [Draftail](https://springload.github.io/draftail/) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/draftail.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/draftail) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/springload/draftail.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/springload/draftail) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/springload/draftail/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/springload/draftail) [<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/springload/awesome-wagtail/ac912cc661a7099813f90545adffa6bb3e75216c/logo.svg" width="104" align="right" alt="Wagtail">](https://wagtail.io/)

> :memo::cocktail: A configurable rich text editor based on [Draft.js](https://facebook.github.io/draft-js/), built for [Wagtail](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail).

[![Screenshot of Draftail](https://springload.github.io/draftail/static/draftail-ui-screenshot.png)](https://springload.github.io/draftail/)

It’s developed alongside our Python [Draft.js exporter](https://github.com/springload/draftjs_exporter), for integration into [Wagtail](https://wagtail.io/). Check out [WagtailDraftail](https://github.com/springload/wagtaildraftail), and the [editor’s online demo](https://springload.github.io/draftail/)!

## Features

> This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html), and measures performance and [code coverage](https://coveralls.io/github/springload/draftail).

Draftail aims for a mouse-free, keyboard-centric experience. Most formatting can be done by using common keyboard shortcuts, inspired by [Google Docs](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/179738) and [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown).

Here are important features worth highlighting:

* Support for [keyboard shortcuts](https://github.com/springload/draftail/tree/master/docs#keyboard-shortcuts). Lots of them!
* Paste from Word. Or any other editor.
* Autolists – start a line with `-` , `*` , `1.` to create a list item.
* Shortcuts for heading levels `##`, code blocks ` ``` `, and more.
* Undo / redo – until the end of times.
* Common text types: headings, paragraphs, quotes, lists.
* Common text styles: Bold, italic, and many more.
* API to build custom controls for links, images, and more.

## Using Draftail

Draftail is meant to be used in scenarios where not all formatting should be available, and where custom formatting can be necessary. Available formats, built-in and custom, can be specificed declaratively for each editor instance.

### Built-in formats

* Block types: H1, H2, H3, H4, H5, H6, Blockquote, Code, UL, OL, P
* Inline styles: Bold, Italic, Underline, Code, Strikethrough, Mark, Keyboard, Superscript, Subscript
* Entities (things with data): Images, Embeds, Links, Documents
* And HR, BR

### Custom formats

Your mileage may vary! There is good support for custom block-level and inline formatting. Custom entities or decorators require knowledge of the Draft.js API, which is very low-level.

### Getting started

First, grab the package from npm:

```sh
# Draftail's peerDependencies:
npm install --save draft-js@^0.10.4 react react-dom prop-types
npm install --save draftail
```

Import the styles for Draft.js, and the editor:

```scss
@import 'draft-js/dist/Draft';
@import 'draftail/dist/draftail';
```

Then, import the editor and use it in your code. Here is a [simple example](https://springload.github.io/draftail/examples/):

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

import DraftailEditor, { BLOCK_TYPE, INLINE_STYLE } from '../lib';

const initial = JSON.parse(sessionStorage.getItem('draftail:content'));

const onSave = content => {
    console.log('saving', content);
    sessionStorage.setItem('draftail:content', JSON.stringify(content));
};

const editor = (
    <DraftailEditor
        rawContentState={initial || null}
        onSave={onSave}
        blockTypes={[
            { type: BLOCK_TYPE.HEADER_THREE, label: 'H3' },
            { type: BLOCK_TYPE.UNORDERED_LIST_ITEM, label: 'UL' },
        ]}
        inlineStyles={[
            { type: INLINE_STYLE.BOLD, label: 'B' },
            { type: INLINE_STYLE.ITALIC, label: 'I' },
        ]}
    />
);

ReactDOM.render(editor, document.querySelector('[data-mount]'));
```

Finally, be sure to check out the [required polyfills](#polyfills).

## Options and configuration

To change the behavior of the editor, pass props to `DraftailEditor`. Here are the available props, and their default values:

```jsx
// Initial content of the editor. Use this to edit pre-existing content.
rawContentState: null,
// Called when changes occured. Use this to persist editor content.
// Displayed when the editor is empty. Hidden if the user changes styling.
placeholder: null,
onSave: () => {},
// Enable the use of horizontal rules in the editor.
enableHorizontalRule: false,
// Enable the use of line breaks in the editor.
enableLineBreak: false,
// Show undo/redo controls in the toolbar.
showUndoRedoControls: false,
// Disable copy/paste of rich text in the editor.
stripPastedStyles: true,
// Set whether spellcheck is turned on for your editor.
spellCheck: false,
// List of the available block types.
blockTypes: [],
// List of the available inline styles.
inlineStyles: [],
// List of the available entity types.
entityTypes: [],
// List of active decorators.
decorators: [],
// Max level of nesting for unordered and ordered lists. 0 = no nesting.
// Note: Draft.js only provides styles for list nesting up to a depth of 4.
// Please refer to the documentation to add styles for further nesting levels.
maxListNesting: 1,
// Frequency at which the save callback is triggered (ms).
stateSaveInterval: 250,
```

### Formatting options

Draftail, like Draft.js, distinguishes between 3 content formats:

* Blocks, that provide structure to the content. Blocks do not overlap – no content can be both a paragraph and a title.
* Inline styles, providing inline formatting for text. Styles can overlap: a piece of text can be both bold and italic.
* Entities, annotating content with metadata to represent rich content beyond text. Entities can be inline (eg. a link applied on a portion of text), or block-based (eg. an embedded video).

### Configuring available formats

By default, the editor provides the least amount of rich text features. Formats have to be explicitly enabled by the developer, so they have as much control over what rich content is available as possible.

To use a given format, add it to the corresponding list, following the options detailed in the next sections.

```jsx
// List of the available block types.
blockTypes: [],
// List of the available inline styles.
inlineStyles: [],
// List of the available entity types.
entityTypes: [],
```

#### Blocks

```jsx
// Unique type shared between block instances.
type: PropTypes.string.isRequired,
// Describes the block in the editor UI, concisely.
label: PropTypes.string,
// Describes the block in the editor UI.
description: PropTypes.string,
// Represents the block in the editor UI.
icon: iconPropType,
// DOM element used to display the block within the editor area.
element: PropTypes.string,
// CSS class(es) added to the block for styling within the editor area.
className: PropTypes.string,
```

#### Inline styles

```jsx
// Unique type shared between inline style instances.
type: PropTypes.string.isRequired,
// Describes the inline style in the editor UI, concisely.
label: PropTypes.string,
// Describes the inline style in the editor UI.
description: PropTypes.string,
// Represents the inline style in the editor UI.
icon: iconPropType,
// CSS properties (in JS format) to apply for styling within the editor area.
style: PropTypes.Object,
```

#### Entities

```jsx
// Unique type shared between entity instances.
type: PropTypes.string.isRequired,
// Describes the entity in the editor UI, concisely.
label: PropTypes.string,
// Describes the entity in the editor UI.
description: PropTypes.string,
// Represents the entity in the editor UI.
icon: iconPropType,
// React component providing the UI to manage entities of this type.
source: PropTypes.func.isRequired,
// React component to display inline entities.
decorator: PropTypes.func,
// React component to display block-level entities.
block: PropTypes.func,
```

#### Decorators

```jsx
// Determines which pieces of content are to be decorated.
strategy: PropTypes.func,
// React component to display the decoration.
component: PropTypes.func,
```

### Custom formats

Draftail is meant to provide a consistent editing experience regardless of what formats (blocks, inline styles, entities) are available. It should be simple for developers to enable/disable a certain format, or to create new ones.

Here are quick questions to help you determine which formatting to use, depending on the use case:

| In order to...                        | Use           |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| Indicate the structure of the content | Blocks        |
| Enter additional data/metadata        | Entities      |
| Format a portion of a line            | Inline styles |

#### Custom blocks

Simple blocks are very easy to create. Add a new block type to `blockTypes`, specifying which `element` and `className` to display the block as.

Here is an example, creating a "Tiny text" block:

```jsx
blockTypes={[
    {
        type: 'tiny-text',
        label: 'Tiny',
        element: 'div',
        className: 'u-tinytext',
    },
]}
```

More advanced blocks, requiring custom React components, aren't supported at the moment. If you need this, feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/springload/draftail/issues/new).

#### Custom inline styles

Custom inline styles only require a `style` prop, defining which CSS properties to apply when the format is active.

Here is a basic example:

```jsx
inlineStyles={[
    {
        label: 'Redacted',
        type: 'REDACTED',
        style: {
            backgroundColor: 'currentcolor',
        },
    },
]}
```

It is also possible to override the styling of predefined inline styles:

```jsx
inlineStyles={[
    {
        label: 'Bold',
        type: INLINE_STYLE.BOLD,
        style: {
            fontWeight: 'bold',
            textShadow: '1px 1px 1px black',
        },
    },
]}
```

#### Custom entity types

Creating custom entity types is a bit more involved because entities aren't simply on/off: they often need additional data (thus a UI to enter this data), and can be edited.

Apart from the usual label/type/icon options, entities need:

* A `source`, a React component that will be used to create/edit the entity from a specific data source (could be an API, or a form inside of a modal).
* A `decorator`, a React component to display the entity within the editor area.

##### Sources

For now, please refer to the examples available with the project.

##### Decorators

Decorators receive the current textual content as `children`, as well as the entity key and content state. They can then render the entity based on its data:

```jsx
const Link = ({ entityKey, contentState, children }) => {
    const { url } = contentState.getEntity(entityKey).getData();

    return (
        <span title={url} className="Link">
            {children}
        </span>
    );
};
```

#### Custom text decorators

Custom decorators follow the Draft.js [CompositeDecorator](https://draftjs.org/docs/advanced-topics-decorators.html#compositedecorator) API.

## UI and styling

Without custom controls, the editor has a very simple UI and its styles are relatively straightforward. To make sure everything works, use a CSS reset, like [Normalize.css](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/).

To tweak the editor UI, Draftail uses old-fashioned stable, namespaced class names that you are free to add more styles to. For example, the toolbar uses `.Draftail-Toolbar`.

### List nesting levels

Draft.js only provides [default styles](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/3689a93c85786b6a3fb8a3434e9c700661a8ba02/src/component/utils/DraftStyleDefault.css#L46) for list nesting up to five levels (depth 0 to 4). If you want to allow more nesting, you will need to add the list styles.

Draftail provides a helper Sass mixin which adds OL counters and indentation, and can be used like:

```scss
// Add nesting support up to 7 levels.
@for $depth from 5 through 6 {
    @include nested-list-item($depth);
}
```

## Browser support and polyfills

**Supported browser / device versions:**

| Browser       | Device/OS  | Version |
| ------------- | ---------- | ------- |
| Mobile Safari | iOS Phone  | latest  |
| Mobile Safari | iOS Tablet | latest  |
| Chrome        | Android    | latest  |
| IE            | Desktop    | 11      |
| Chrome        | Desktop    | latest  |
| MS Edge       | Windows    | latest  |
| Firefox       | Desktop    | latest  |
| Safari        | OSX        | latest  |

### Polyfills

Draft.js and Draftail build upon ES6 language features. If targeting browsers that do not support them, have a look at:

* [Draft.js required polyfills](https://facebook.github.io/draft-js/docs/advanced-topics-issues-and-pitfalls.html#polyfills).
* [`position: sticky` support](https://caniuse.com/#feat=css-sticky), and [`stickyfill` polyfill](https://github.com/wilddeer/stickyfill).
* [`Element.closest()` support](https://caniuse.com/#search=closest), and [polyfill](https://github.com/jonathantneal/closest).

The Draftail demo site lists minimum polyfills for IE11 support: [`examples/utils/polyfills.js`](examples/utils/polyfills.js).

## Contributing

See anything you like in here? Anything missing? We welcome all support, whether on bug reports, feature requests, code, design, reviews, tests, documentation, and more. Please have a look at our [contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you just want to set up the project on your own computer, the contribution guidelines also contain all of the setup commands.

## Credits

Draftail is made possible by the work of [Springload](https://github.com/springload/), a New Zealand digital agency, and core contributors to the [Wagtail](https://wagtail.io/) CMS. The _beautiful_ demo site is the work of [@thibaudcolas](https://github.com/thibaudcolas).

View the full list of [contributors](https://github.com/springload/draftail/graphs/contributors). [MIT](LICENSE) licensed. Website content available as [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
